Docs: update whatsnew 7.5 with Tempo changes (#31772)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/whatsnew/whats-new-in-v7-5.md

If you enable the feature, then you can use template variables in reports.

### Tempo as a backend data source

> We have converted Tempo to a backend data source and dropped support tempo-query's (Jaeger) response. You can now point to the port that is set in tempo's config file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have converted Tempo to a backend data source and dropped support for tempo-query's (Jaeger) response. To configure, you can now point to the port that is set in Tempo's configuration file.
```
